I'm supposed to move up to the 0.5 mg dose of semaglutide today, but the nausea was so bad on the 0.25 mg that I'm scared to inject it, should I stay on 0.25 for another week?
Hi, I accidentally left my Mounjaro pen out of the fridge overnight, it was out for like 15 or maybe 16 hours, is it still safe to use my 5 milligram dose today?
I took my first dose of Zepbound 2.5 milligrams three days ago and I have been having terrible sulfur burps and stomach cramps, I took some Pepto but it's not helping.
I think I messed up my Wegovy injection, I pushed the pen into my thigh but the liquid spilled out, I didn't hear the second click, so I'm not sure if I got the 1.7 milligrams or not.
My doctor said to increase my tirzepatide from 5 mg to 7.5 mg, but the pharmacy sent me 10 mg vials and I'm confused if I should take it or if that's a mistake.
I missed my Sunday injection of Ozempic 1 milligram, and today is Wednesday, should I take it today or just wait until next Sunday?
I've been on 2.4 milligrams of Wegovy for three months and my weight loss completely stalled, I've been stuck at 190 pounds for like 4 or 14 weeks, should I switch medications?
I was taking 50 units of compounded semaglutide, but my new bottle says to take 5 milligrams, and I don't know how many units that is on the syringe.
I'm having severe pain in my upper stomach that goes to my back, I took my 1 milligram Ozempic shot two days ago and I've been throwing up since yesterday.
My insurance denied the prior authorization for Saxenda, but they said they might cover Wegovy or maybe Zepbound, I need someone to help me send the appeal.
I'm so constipated since stepping up to the 1 milligram dose, it's been like 5 or maybe 9 days since I went to the bathroom, and I'm getting really uncomfortable.
The Mounjaro 7.5 milligram is out of stock everywhere, my pharmacy said they only have 5 or 10 milligrams, can my provider send a new script so I don't miss my dose?
I travel next week and I take my Tirzepatide on Fridays, can I take my 5 milligram shot a day early on Thursday before my flight?
I'm calling because I feel super dizzy and lightheaded every time I stand up, I lost 15 pounds this month on Zepbound and I also take lisinopril 20 milligrams, maybe my blood pressure is too low?
I noticed a red, itchy rash on my stomach where I did my 0.5 semaglutide injection yesterday, it's about the size of a quarter, is that an allergic reaction?
I'm struggling to eat anything, I probably only got like 500 or 900 calories yesterday on the 1.7 milligram dose, and I feel incredibly weak and fatigued.
I mixed up my syringes and I think I might have taken 50 units instead of 25 units of my semaglutide this morning, I'm really worried about my blood sugar dropping.
I'm supposed to inject 2.5 milligrams of tirzepatide but I see an air bubble in the pen, is it okay to inject or will that hurt me?
I've been vomiting all morning after moving up to the 10 milligram dose of Mounjaro, my doctor gave me a script for ondansetron last time, can I get a refill for that?
I took my 0.25 milligram starter dose of Wegovy last night and my resting heart rate went from 60 to 90 beats per minute, is that normal or should I go to urgent care?
I lost 40 pounds on Ozempic but now my hair is thinning out a lot, maybe over the last 3 or 4 months, do I need to stop the injections or take a supplement?
My pharmacy says it's too soon to fill my Zepbound 12.5 milligrams, they said it hasn't been 21 or maybe 28 days, but I only have one pen left.
I injected the semaglutide into my stomach but a little drop of blood and clear liquid came out when I pulled the needle away, did I lose my whole 1 milligram dose?
I'm feeling really depressed and anxious this week, which is weird for me, I just increased my Wegovy to 2.4 milligrams like 5 days ago and I wonder if it's connected.
My doctor said to inject tirzepatide in my thigh to help with nausea, but it hurts way more than my stomach, can I ice it for 15 or 50 minutes beforehand?