Help my husband just collapsed he clutched his chest and fell he takes nitroglycerin I don't know if I should give it to him please hurry up!
My toddler got into my pill box she might have eaten like 15 or 50 milligrams of my amlodipine she's really lethargic what do I do please help!
I need an ambulance right now my throat is closing up I ate something with peanuts I used my EpiPen maybe 5 or 9 minutes ago and it's not working at all!
He's having a seizure it's been like 3 or 4 minutes he takes levetiracetam but he missed his dose this morning please send someone right away!
Hi I'm calling for my dad he's bleeding everywhere the incision from his surgery tore open he's on apixaban so it won't stop please we need help now!
I think my friend overdosed he took a bunch of oxycodone or maybe hydrocodone I can't wake him up his lips are turning blue please hurry!
My chest is killing me it's radiating down my left arm I took aspirin like 15 minutes ago but the pain is getting worse I feel like I can't breathe!
My mom is slurring her words and the right side of her face is drooping I think she's having a stroke she's on warfarin but I don't know her dose get an ambulance here!
Please send help my wife is having a severe asthma attack her albuterol isn't working she can barely breathe she's turning completely pale!
My son is diabetic he took his insulin lispro but he didn't eat and now he's passed out his sugar must be like 30 or 40 I can't get him to wake up!
I accidentally took my wife's glipizide instead of my gabapentin it was like 10 or 20 milligrams I'm sweating and shaking really bad I need an ambulance!
Help my baby is choking on something he's turning blue I tried hitting his back please tell me what to do he's not making any sound at all!
I just took my lisinopril and my face is swelling up really fast my tongue feels huge I can barely talk I need paramedics right now!
My husband is acting really confused he has a high fever he just finished a course of cephalexin he's shivering and his heart is racing I'm so scared!
I need help my roommate took a handful of pills I think it was clonazepam or maybe clonidine the bottle is empty she's barely breathing please!
My chest feels super tight my heart is beating like 190 beats a minute I take metoprolol but I ran out two days ago I feel like I'm gonna pass out!
My water just broke and there's a lot of blood I'm only 30 weeks pregnant please send an ambulance fast I'm completely freaking out!
Help my dad fell down the stairs he hit his head really hard he's on clopidogrel and there's so much blood he's not responding to me at all!
I think I'm having an allergic reaction to my new antibiotic ciprofloxacin my throat feels super tight and I'm covered in hives it's getting so hard to breathe!
My grandfather just passed out his blood pressure monitor says 60 over 40 he started taking tamsulosin yesterday I can't get him to wake up!
I accidentally double dosed my fentanyl patch I took the old one off but I put two new ones on I feel so dizzy and my breathing is getting really slow!
My sister is having a horrible panic attack or maybe a heart attack her chest hurts and she's hyperventilating she takes buspirone but this seems way worse!
Please hurry my husband's feeding tube came out and it's leaking fluid everywhere he's crying in pain he just had stomach surgery 4 days ago!
My mom's blood sugar is 400 she's throwing up and she smells like fruit she's on metformin and glipizide but she missed them she's making no sense!
I need an ambulance I'm having severe lower abdominal pain it's like a 10 out of 10 I take methotrexate for an ectopic pregnancy but the pain is unbearable!
My toddler just swallowed a handful of my atorvastatin I think it was like 15 or 50 pills and he's throwing up everywhere please help!
I think my wife double dosed her digoxin she's supposed to take zero point one two five milligrams but the bottle is totally empty she's barely conscious!
Help my dad took his hydralazine instead of his hydroxyzine and his blood pressure just tanked to like 70 over 40 he's passing out!
I need an ambulance my throat is swelling shut I took a dose of amoxicillin maybe 14 or 40 minutes ago and I can't breathe at all!
My daughter was stung by a bee her face is completely blown up she's wheezing she doesn't have an EpiPen send paramedics right now!
Please hurry I just started taking sulfamethoxazole and my skin is peeling off my chest and I'm burning up with a huge fever I'm terrified!
My grandpa just collapsed clutching his head he's on warfarin 5 milligrams and he's completely unresponsive there's no pulse please help me do CPR!
Send an ambulance my chest is crushing me I took my sublingual nitroglycerin 5 minutes ago but the pain is a 10 out of 10 and my left arm is numb!
My husband is staring blankly and can't move the right side of his body he takes amiodarone for his heart please hurry I think it's a massive stroke!
My mom is a type 1 diabetic her continuous monitor just read 40 or maybe 14 I gave her glucagon 10 minutes ago but she's seizing please get here!
I accidentally injected 60 units of insulin glargine instead of 16 units I'm home alone and my vision is getting blurry I need an ambulance immediately!
I have severe COPD I'm using my budesonide inhaler but it's not doing anything my oxygen saturation is dropping to 80 or 85 I can barely speak!
My baby has RSV he's breathing super fast his ribs are sucking in every time he breathes it's been going on for like 15 or 50 minutes please help!
I had my tonsils out yesterday and I just coughed up a huge cup of blood it won't stop bleeding I'm choking on it I took my oxycodone 5 mg an hour ago!
Help my wife just gave birth four days ago and she's hemorrhaging everywhere it's soaking through everything she's super pale and passing out!
My mom fell and hit her head on the counter she takes rivaroxaban 20 milligrams there's a massive pool of blood she's not waking up!
I'm having a massive panic attack I feel like I'm dying I took my clonazepam maybe 2 milligrams but my heart is beating out of my chest please!
My son is having a severe psychotic break he stopped taking his haloperidol like 14 or 40 days ago he's violent and tearing up the house I need help!
I think I took too much lithium my hands are shaking uncontrollably I can't walk straight and I'm vomiting everywhere send someone!
My roommate is seizing on the floor she's foaming at the mouth she takes topiramate but she ran out like 5 or 9 days ago it's been three minutes!
Help my dog knocked my dad over and now he's having a seizure he's never had one before he's on tramadol for his back please send medics!
I need help right now my grandma's dialysis port came out it's bleeding everywhere I'm pressing on it but it's not stopping she's crying!
I took bupropion instead of buspirone by mistake this morning maybe 150 milligrams and I feel like my heart is exploding I'm super dizzy!
My husband has a fentanyl patch on he's completely blue in the face I have naloxone but I don't know how to use it please talk me through it fast!
I started taking duloxetine and today my muscles are completely rigid and I have a fever of 104 I'm so confused I can barely hold the phone!